[Music]
he was hit by a truck and you'd lying
out in that gutter dying and you had
time to sing one song
one song that would let God know what
you felt about your time here on earth
one song that would sum you up that's
the kind of song that truly saves people
hello I'm Johnny Cash
[Music]
to ask you how you came up with that
sound they like try sharp like a riser
weakly faster if we could mud says love
it
all the hell for a solver sir what about
majorly I'm not going to have baby baby
baby baby
[Music]
finally refrain from performing any
tunes that remind the inmates that are
in prison food they forgot the fire
Joaquin Phoenix
Reese Witherspoon and what's with the
black looks like he going to a funeral
maybe I
[Music]
walked of mine
[Applause]
[Music]